# MINUTES OF THE PUBLIC SESSION OF A REGULAR MEETING OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

29 November 2016

A public session of a regular meeting of the Board of Directors (the “Board”) of the Node.js Foundation, a Delaware not-for-profit membership corporation, was held on 29 November 2016 at 12:00pm Central Time at Node.js Interactive in Austin, Texas and via teleconference.

## Participants
### Directors

* Danese Cooper (PayPal)
* Dan Shaw (NodeSource)
* Todd Moore (IBM)
* Rich Sharples (Red Hat)
* Justin Beckwith (Google)
* Rod Vagg (NodeSource)
* Colleen Evans (Microsoft)
* Charlie Robbins (GoDaddy)
* Ashley Williams (Individual Member)
* Brian McCallister (Groupon)
* Scott Hammond (Joyent)

### Also participating

* Mikeal Rogers (The Linux Foundation)
* Todd Benzies (The Linux Foundation)
* Tracy Hinds (The Linux Foundation)
* Sarah Conway (The Linux Foundation)
* Mark Hinkle (The Linux Foundation)
* Jan Krems (Groupon)

## Meeting
### Call to Order

Director Cooper called the meeting to order at 12:39pm Central Time and Mr. Benzies recorded the minutes. A quorum of Directors was established for the conduct of business and the meeting, having been duly convened, was ready to proceed with business.

#### Antitrust Compliance Notice

Mr. Rogers reviewed the Antitrust Compliance Notice.

#### Current Membership and Board Directors

Mr. Rogers reviewed the current membership, noting that no new Members have joined since the previous Board meeting.

#### Approval of Minutes

Mr. Rogers asked the Directors to approve the minutes of the public session of the October 2016 meeting of the Board of Directors which had been attached as Exhibit A to the slide deck distributed in advance of the meeting. Upon motion duly made by Director Moore, seconded by Director Hammond and approved by all Directors in attendance, the following resolution was adopted:

_RESOLVED:_
> The the minutes of the public session of the October 2016 meeting of the Board of Directors, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, are hereby confirmed, approved and adopted.

#### Node.js in the Media

Mr. Rogers introduced the topic of Node.js in the media and provided an overview of coverage, as well as share of voice.

A question was raised about how changing KPIs will affect tracking against historical data with different metrics. Ms. Conway noted that the PR team can continue to track against the historical metrics, as well.

A request was made for the raw data to be shared with the Board. Ms. Conway took the action.

#### Node.js Interactive

Mr. Rogers introduced the topic of Node.js Interactive US, noting very strong sponsorship and over 700 registrations.

#### TSC Update

Mr. Rogers introduced the topic of TSC update and requested that Director Vagg provide the update.

Director Vagg noted that the Version Management Discussion Group has been created to tackle managing versions of Node.js and reqeusted that those interested in participating go to [https://github.com/nodejs/version-management/](https://github.com/nodejs/version-management/).

Director Vagg commented that Node.js v0.10 has been retired, but usage numbers are still high. Director Vagg also noted that v0.12 will be retired at the end of the year. Director Vagg noted that v6 went from current to LTS and that there has been a rapid shift from 4 to 6.

A comment was made that there has been feedback that the Foundation has not done a good job with travel funds for Node.js-related events. Director Vagg noted the concern and took the action to improve the process. Director Vagg commented that the TSC is spending a small amount of money on getting folks to the collaboration summit.

Director Vagg noted that the LTS schedule and release plans appear to be very successful and driving adoption in the right directions.

#### Questions from Community

A comment was made that some in the Community are unclear as to what topics are addressed in the public session of the Board meeting. A request was made for the presentation materials to be distributed in advance and a call for additional topics.

## Adjournment


At 1:06pm Central Time, Director Cooper adjourned the public session.

Respectfully submitted,

\__________________________

Dan Shaw, Secretary