# MINUTES OF THE PUBLIC SESSION OF A REGULAR MEETING OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

30 January 2017

A public session of a regular meeting of the Board of Directors (the “Board”) of the Node.js Foundation, a Delaware not-for-profit membership corporation, was held on 30 January 2017 at 2:00pm Pacific Time via teleconference.

## Participants
### Directors

* Todd Moore (IBM)
* Scott Hammond (Joyent)
* Ashley Williams (Individual Member)
* Mark Skarpness (Intel)
* Brian McCallister (Groupon)
* Gaurav Seth (Microsoft)
* Dan Shaw (NodeSource)
* Rod Vagg (NodeSource)
* Justin Beckwith (Google)
* William Kapke (Individual Member)

### Also participating

* Mikeal Rogers (The Linux Foundation)
* Todd Benzies (The Linux Foundation)
* Tracy Hinds (The Linux Foundation)
* Michael Dolan (The Linux Foundation)
* Zibby Keaton (The Linux Foundation)
* Cassandra Reyes-Jones (The Linux Foundation)
* Serena Malkani (The Linux Foundation)

## Meeting
### Call to Order

Director Hammond called the meeting to order at 2:07pm Pacific Time and Mr. Benzies recorded the minutes. A quorum of Directors was established for the conduct of business and the meeting, having been duly convened, was ready to proceed with business.

#### Antitrust Compliance Notice

Mr. Rogers reviewed the Antitrust Compliance Notice.

#### Current Membership and Board Directors

Mr. Rogers reviewed the current membership, noting that Snyk has joined as a Silver Member.

#### Approval of Minutes

Mr. Rogers asked the Directors to approve the minutes of the public session of the November 2016 meeting of the Board of Directors which had been attached as Exhibit A to the slide deck distributed in advance of the meeting. Upon motion duly made by Director Hammond, seconded by Director Vagg and approved by all Directors in attendance, the following resolution was adopted:

_RESOLVED:_
> The the minutes of the public session of the November 2016 meeting of the Board of Directors, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, are hereby confirmed, approved and adopted.

#### Welcome Gaurav Seth

Mr. Rogers presented a resolution to acknowledge the appointment of Gaurav Seth as Microsoft’s representative to the Board of Directors. Upon motion duly made by Director Hammond, seconded by Director Moore and approved by all Directors in attendance, the following resolution was adopted:

_RESOLVED:_
> The board hereby acknowledges the appointment of Gaurav Seth(Microsoft) as Microsoft’s representative to the Board of Directors.

#### Welcome Mark Skarpness

Mr. Rogers presented a resolution to acknowledge the appointment of Mark Skarpness as Intel’s representative to the Board of Directors. Upon motion duly made by Director Hammond, seconded by Director Moore and approved by all Directors in attendance, the following resolution was adopted:

_RESOLVED:_
> The board hereby acknowledges the appointment of MarkSkarpness (Intel) as Intel’s representative to the Board of Directors.

#### Welcome Daniel Shaw

Mr. Rogers presented a resolution to acknowledge the appointment of Daniel Shaw as the Gold Membership Director. Upon motion duly made by Director Hammond, seconded by Director Moore and approved by all Directors in attendance, the following resolution was adopted:

_RESOLVED:_
> The board hereby acknowledges the appointment of Daniel Shaw (NodeSource) as the Gold Membership Director.

#### Welcome William Kapke

Mr. Rogers presented a resolution to acknowledge the appointment of William Kapke as the Individual Membership Director. Upon motion duly made by Director Hammond, seconded by Director Moore and approved by all Directors in attendance, the following resolution was adopted:

_RESOLVED:_
> The board hereby acknowledges the appointment of William Kapke as the Individual Membership Director.

#### TSC Update

Mr. Rogers introduced the topic of TSC and requested Director Vagg provide the update. Director Vagg noted that there is a minor security release going out this week, that there is a new project called node-inspect, as well as a renaming of node-report. Director Vagg also noted that the TSC has merged the scope document, which can be found in the TSC readme. Director Vagg commented that the TSC is requesting that the Legal Committee provide guidance on a few topics, which will be addressed in the private session of the Board.

#### Community Committee Update

Mr. Rogers introduced the topic of Community Committee and requested that Ms. Hinds provide an update.

Ms. Hinds noted that the draft Charter was distributed as Exhibit B and that she has been receiving a lot of great input. Ms. Hinds commented that she plans to distribute the final draft of the Charter prior to the face-to-face Board meeting on 13 February.

Ms. Hinds commented that she will be providing a new bi-weekly update in the Community Committee repo and that there has been ongoing outreach to more global groups for representation.

Ms. Hinds noted that the Community is currently debating the merits of Slack vs. IRC, but will likely take further voting and outreach to determine outcome. Ms. Hinds noted that IRC seems more likely.

#### 2016 Report (Events)

Mr. Rogers provided an update on the attendance numbers for the Node.js Foundation 2016 portfolio of global events. A comment was made that the attendance at Node.js Live Bangalore was actually 372, as opposed to 138.

A question was raised as to whether the Foundation tracks on new attendees versus repeat attendees. Mr. Rogers noted that this is tracked through a post-event survey and shared with the Marketing Committee.

A comment was made for the Foundation to set a target of exceeding 1,000 attendees at Node.js Interactive in 2017.

#### 2016 Report (Core)

Mr. Rogers introduced the topic of Core and asked for Director Vagg to provide a recap of 2016.

Director Vagg noted the following metrics from 2016:


* Commits up 125%.
* 37% of /src and /lib received an update. 
* 58% of the test code was changed.
* 90%+ of the API documentation was improved. 
* New release adoption has accelerated. 
* Close to 100 core committers.
* Less than half of core changes come from the top 10 contributors.

A question was raised as to how the Foundation plans to continue to achieve growth.

Director Vagg noted that a lot of growth happened due to the fact that Node.js is healthy by default. Mr. Rogers commented that the Code and Learn events are one of the more proactive efforts and the data from 2016 will inform if these efforts are working.

#### 2016 Report (Adoption)

Mr. Rogers introduced the topic of adoption and provided an update with the following metrics:


* Added roughly 3.5M users (~7M overall) 
* Travis Adoption up 87%
  * 2015 - 2,759,387
  * 2016 - 5,169,283
* 15M core downloads a month

#### 2016 Report (Social Media)

Mr. Rogers introduced the topic of social media and provided an overview of 2016 as detailed in the slides distributed in advance of the Board meeting.

A question was raised as to what percentage of the Twitter mentions came from designated leaders in the Community. Ms. Keaton took the action to provide a breakdown.

A question was raised as to what percentage of YouTube views were from conference talks versus other videos. Mr. Rogers took the action to provide the data.

#### 2016 Report (Store)

Mr. Rogers introduced the topic of Node.js store and provided a brief update.

A comment was made that no women’s t-shirts have been purchased yet.

#### Open Questions from the Community

A question was raised as to where the 7M user number was derived. Director Williams noted that she wrote a blog post about how npm constructs the data calculations and can share this out.

## Adjournment


At 2:56pm Pacific Time, Director Hammond adjourned the public session.

Respectfully submitted,

\__________________________

Dan Shaw, Secretary