## Node.js Joint Strategy Subcommittee

#### February 21, 2018

#### Present:

- Mark Hinkle, Executive Director, Node.js Board 
- Sarah Novotny, Board Member, Google
- Todd Moore, Board Member, Node.js Chairman, IBM
- Ashley Williams, Individual Director
- William Kapke, Individual Director 
- Tierney Cyren, CommComm Co-Chair
- Michael Dawson, TSC Chair
- Myles Borin, Board Member, TSC
- Tracy Hinds, Subcommittee Chair
- Marten Mickos, Board Member, HackerOne
- Brian McCallister, Board Member, Groupon  

* * *
##### Antitrust Compliance Notice

Node.js Foundation meetings involve participation by industry competitors, and it is the intention of the Node.js Foundation to conduct all of its activities in accordance with applicable antitrust and competition laws. It is therefore extremely important that attendees adhere to meeting agendas, and be aware of, and not participate in, any activities that are prohibited under applicable US state, federal or foreign antitrust and competition laws. 

Examples of types of actions that are prohibited at Node.js Foundation meetings and in connection with Node.js Foundation activities are described in the Node.js Foundation Antitrust Policy. If you have questions about these matters, please contact your company counsel, or if you are a member of the Node.js Foundation, feel free to contact Andrew Updegrove of the firm of Gesmer Updegrove LLP, which provides legal counsel to the Node.js Foundation.
* * *
  
## AGENDA

### Establish positions on...Expectations (20 minutes)
- Project expectations of Board 
- Project expectations for Executive Director 
- Expectations of Foundation + OSS Project relationship 
  

### Expectations (20 minutes)
- The Future of Individual Membership Program(20 minutes) 
  
## NOTES

- Reviewed the agenda and purpose for today. 
- Points of discussion for project expectations of the Board
  - What support is expected? What responsibilities are expected in the relationship? 
    - Clear definition of what the Board does 
    - Manages money 
    - Manages corporate membership 
    - More of a relationship with the community, interact more 
    - Initiatives from the project side need money. With cadence of board meetings, initiatives
    can be left by the wayside. Ex: group license for IRCCloud for collaborators is an easy win
    to talk about at the subcommittee level. 
    - Be able to make requests to the subcommittee to help move proposals/requests forward 
 
- What the Board does:
  - Running the business, legal and marketing aspects of the Node.js Foundation 
  - Prioritizing what investments to allocate funds to, and oversee a budget (e.g. fund build 
  and test infrastructure) 
  - Define the structure, process and terms for a Certification & Compliance program 
  - Oversee Marketing such as PR/AR, branding via a members only marketing committee 
  
How do these not align?

Early on in the founding of Node.js Foundation, the Board spent a lot of energy on sharing 
information and managing expectations with ecosystem on what the Board's responsibility was.

- Points of discussion for project expectations for Executive Director
  - Being approachable and reachable. 
  - Be the voice to the project. Help facilitate the community with feedback.  
  - Be the main communication point between Foundation + Board + project 
  - Advocate for Node.js to outside communities 
  - Run the Foundation (Finances, staffing, external contracts…) 
  - Support Community Initiatives, helping to line up funding and Foundation resources 
  - Ensure IT infrastructure, Web site, etc.. are in place and up to date 
  
The Board documented expectations of the ED. 

How do these align?(if they can be compared)  

- Points of discussion expectations of Foundation + OSS Project relationship
  - What does the project want of the Foundation and relationship?
    - For the TSC, the expectation of the Foundation has been almost nothing. Maintaining
    a separation. Help the Board members feel like they can take a more active role in 
    technical and community work. More interfacing. 
    - A pretty common pattern is of a Board member being active as a director but then when
    they are acting in the community, they are acting as community members. I.e. a board 
    member sitting on the commcomm and participating in a program would have no “privileged”
    position to make decisions outside of the committee structure.
    - With the iojs meetings, there was a bit of a pitch on why a Foundation was needed. 
    Reasoning was that no one was equipped to deal with legal. Legal protection. For 
    transparency’s sake, we don’t get to see what this is, despite the Board and 
    Foundation doing a fair amount of work here.
    - Marketing. The project isn’t well equipped for this. Twitter moderation is a great
    example. Foundation took this on and did a great job.
    - Neutral space for decision making regarding what’s best to node. This was a challenge
    in early Node.js and the vendors needed to trust that they could work together. 
    - People look to the foundation as a communication hub during any crisis.
    - The decisions that need to get made actually get made. Stalls can happen when there 
    isn’t an org to own the dialogue and conversation around these challenges.

- Are there more project expectations of the Board, the Executive Director, or the Foundation?
  - Conflict management at the very highest level–we need somewhere independent to help handle this. Moderation team is addressing peer conflict management and facilitation of challenging topics but there needs to be a place for escalated challenges. 
  - Getting more community engagement input into Foundation work. Helps with community buy-in. 

Goes back to managing expectations. Transparency, communication back and forth helps. Maybe just a bit of project management would help?

Also still need to distinguish between Foundation + Board. Most people still don’t know the difference.

**Next meeting: positions on The Future of Individual Membership Program**

No redactments for notes requested.

### ACTION ITEMS
N/A
