## Node.js Leadership Subcommittee

March 21, 2018

#### Present: 
- Mark Hinkle, Executive Director, Node.js Board
- Sarah Novotny, Board Member, Google
- Tracy Hinds, Subcommittee Chair
- Ashley Williams, Individual Director
- William Kapke, Individual Director
- Tierney Cyren, CommComm Chair
- Todd Moore, Board Member, Node.js Chairman, IBM

* * *
##### Antitrust Compliance Notice

Node.js Foundation meetings involve participation by industry competitors, and it is the 
intention of the Node.js Foundation to conduct all of its activities in accordance with 
applicable antitrust and competition laws. It is therefore extremely important that 
attendees adhere to meeting agendas, and be aware of, and not participate in, any 
activities that are prohibited under applicable US state, federal or foreign antitrust 
and competition laws. 

Examples of types of actions that are prohibited at Node.js Foundation meetings and in 
connection with Node.js Foundation activities are described in the Node.js Foundation 
Antitrust Policy. If you have questions about these matters, please contact your company
counsel, or if you are a member of the Node.js Foundation, feel free to contact Andrew 
Updegrove of the firm of Gesmer Updegrove LLP, which provides legal counsel to the Node.js Foundation.
* * *

### AGENDA

- Review [decorum guidelines](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/blob/master/MemberExpectations.md) for meeting.
- Review action items from last meeting.
  - Sarah will revisit the questions regarding an individual not sponsored by a member company for selection to the Board 
  - Mark and Ashley with Data collection:  
    - How many people are members in each year?  
    - How many voted?  
    - How many are contributors? 
  - Tracy follow up with Sarah for agenda building after questions are revisited 
  - Tracy send notes to Andy and Sarah for meeting notes review 
- Attending meetings–in end of meeting review, should we also plan a short list of who should be invited as a guest to the next call? Ex: individual collaborator or corporate paying member representative who doesn’t sit on Board with relevant interest/expertise.

### REVIEW:

- We should know who makes up the individual membership base to know what role and
decision-making ability they should have(data analysis on members is a work in 
progress to be looked at by Mark and Ashley). 
- The existing individual membership program lacked a definition, a roadmap,  
had significant technical challenges to the membership system(insufficient 
software systems), and has an unclear value to existing members. 
- Further discussion on an individual not sponsored by a company having the 
opportunity to be selected to serve on the Board 
  
Proceed with session.

### Finish discussions from prior session (15 min)

- Do we believe that an individual who is active in the project and is not 
sponsored by a member company should have an opportunity to be selected to 
serve on the Board?  
  - &lt;alternate framing&gt;  Should there be additional reserved seat(s) 
  on the governing board which do not require corporate sponsorship, but 
  are selected a different way? 
    - There are 3+ distinct groups from what we’ve seen with the User 
    Feedback Initiative. It does not seem impossible for a single individual
    to represent all 3. Individual contributors/core (+ distributors), module
    authors, end users (+operational devops)
    - A vote for representation is an option for selection because perfect 
    representation is tough. In a vote, Interest groups help decide who helps
    represent their interests. 
    - There is an idea that a person who contributes, has meaningful engagement
    with the Node.js project, and regardless of sponsorship or not should be 
    eligible for a board position through some selection method.
    - Required dependency: define meaningful engagement. 
  - Y 
    - Two comments as yes. Initiatives of the project for a non-corporate-sponsored
    member to represent at the Board level and have action taken on. Make sure it is
    in alignment with what the Board is working on. Funding education and community 
    efforts. Getting support for collaborators(especially ecosystem) through programs
    created and funded by Board. Diversity and inclusion work–holding leadership 
    accountable for project goals when members behave counter to that goal. Working
    with proposal champions to work on initiatives instead of expecting folks to work
    on their own and then present it to the Board.  
  - N 
    - No nays were provided. 

### NOTES 

#### Do we agree with the original intent of last discussion? 
These seats which did not require sponsorship–do we believe that we still want this? 

Is the Board just the governing portion of the foundation and the organization of money 
and marketing? Everything else happens out in the community or project? 

This tends to be how Boards operate. Don’t usually drive initiatives outside of fundraising.
Board was chartered with minimal coverage over the project to allow for freedom of project
governance. There were pieces of governance that weren’t working at some point at the 
creation of the individual membership creation that was intended to be fixed by having 
representation at the Board level to be empowered to help effect change when the project 
was stalled with some administrative challenges.

Changing governance has historically been a long and tedious process and can be slow to change.

The Board wants to enable project work and minimize barriers. Legal and monetary risks are 
the biggest considerations. If the main goal is to provide resources, we need to make this 
easier. Communicate what the resources are. Analyze if they are providing value. Make changes
to improve this. They should also be well-defined. What does being on the Board mean? What do
they do?(in detail that a non-corporate-sponsor would understand) The members of the Board 
through their relationships can source when there is a resource problem and get people to 
help contribute. 

#### When there is a need for resources on the project side, who is responsible to help? 
Who is responsible for documenting this communication channel to help? 
The Executive Director can be a conduit for this. The Individual Membership Director
cannot address some of this because it requires other roles or information is such 
that is isn’t supposed to be shared. We need communication out that shares what activity
is happening at the Node.js Foundation. The Executive Director can do this. Helps 
communicate value of this role to the community. Executive summaries help as a medium 
to point to for leaders to communicate out appropriate level of content. Set timeframe 
for release. Mark will offer a monthly State of the Union for the Medium blog for the 
Node.js Foundation. We’ve seen it work differently in other organizations. Tends to be 
people who are deeply aligned with the work at hand. 

Board members did not put process around the selection process. There was misalignment 
and expectation around what the role should look like. Pre-vetting system? In the 
Node.js community, there’s a perception of insiders. It could further the insider 
system perception. We need to come up with a way to address this. 

With Kubernetes, we considered a limit on who could run for the seat or who can vote. 
They set the vote to anyone willing to spend $100 on the vote. You set the pool who 
can vote to anyone who has made a pull request or issue comment in the last year in 
the project. Another possibility was looking at the leadership group of the TSC and 
CommComm and asking them to identify 3-5 nominations with a set of criteria for 
selection by the Board.

From a methodical approach–We had this existing process. We don’t think it worked well
for X reasons. We believe that if we change Y, we will have a different result. 

#### Should the Board have a broader purview(ex: for inclusivity or community work)? 
It has historically been contained to be respectful of the agency of the project. The prior 
structure was to address perceptions that existed at the time that may no longer be a 
need to be met. This limited scope of power for the board doesn’t seem to have 
percolated into the project who feel disempowered *without* board representation.

Provide content and Q&A opportunities for the Board and leadership of the project to educate
collaborators on what they are able to do. Empower and provide agency to them for this. 
Board Directors at Collab Summits would be great. Blogposts. 

#### Wrap-up: There should still be seat(s) on the Board that are non-sponsored seats. 

#### Next meeting:
- With consensus from both Board and project leaders, we need to: 
    - Define seats as non-sponsored-member directors 
        - If not representative, what role? 
    - Define expectations of seats 
    - Define selection process 
        - prevetting(Y/N) 
        - if Y, define criterion that empower community with bottoms up approach(from project)
        to avoid perception of Board control 
- Do we expect any individuals not sponsored by a member company on the board --  
    - To represent a synthesized community view point in the best interests of the broader project? 
    - communicate community concerns? 
    -  Drive consensus in the community around board topics? 
    - Other expectations? 
        - &lt;comments&gt; 
- Do we believe membership election is the best method to choose those representatives? 
    - Y 
        - &lt;comments&gt; 
    - N 
        - &lt;comments&gt; 
    - Alternate proposals? 
        - &lt;comments&gt; 

- Contribute to draft of proposal for future of Individual Membership from represented positions (20 minutes)  
- Drive to proposal 
    - Expectations (15 minutes) 

- of Board 
- Project expectations for Executive Director 
- Expectations of Foundation + OSS Project relationship 
  
**End meeting with request for redactments.** No requested redactments. Will revise for Andy’s review.

#### Who should be invited next meeting?(or make sure they are there because of stakeholding)
Michael Dawson
Myles

#### ACTION ITEMS

- Follow up for Board report(Tracy, Sarah, Ashley) 
- Message silver/gold members with questions about how they are feeling about representation(Mark). Do we ask individual members the same? 
- Provide monthly State of the Union for Medium publication
