## Node.js Board Strategy Subcommittee

April 4, 2018

#### Present: 

- Mark Hinkle, Executive Director
- Todd Moore, Chair, Node.js Board of Directors
- Sarah Novotny, Subcommittee Co-Chair, Node.js Board of Directors
- Brian McCallister, Node.js Board of Directors
- Ashley Williams, Node.js Board of Directors
- Michael Dawson, TSC Chair
- Tierney Cyren, CommComm Chair
- Myles Borin, TSC Director
- Tracy Hinds, Subcommittee Co-Chair, CommComm member
- William Kapke, Node.js Board of Directors

* * *
##### Antitrust Compliance Notice
Node.js Foundation meetings involve participation by industry competitors, and it is the 
intention of the Node.js Foundation to conduct all of its activities in accordance with 
applicable antitrust and competition laws. It is therefore extremely important that 
attendees adhere to meeting agendas, and be aware of, and not participate in, any 
activities that are prohibited under applicable US state, federal or foreign antitrust
and competition laws. 

Examples of types of actions that are prohibited at Node.js Foundation meetings and in 
connection with Node.js Foundation activities are described in the Node.js Foundation 
Antitrust Policy. If you have questions about these matters, please contact your company
counsel, or if you are a member of the Node.js Foundation, feel free to contact Andrew 
Updegrove of the firm of Gesmer Updegrove LLP, which provides legal counsel to the 
Node.js Foundation.
* * *

### AGENDA

- Review [decorum guidelines](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/blob/master/MemberExpectations.md)
for meeting. 
- Blogpost in final edit. Please review ASAP: [Node.js Creates New Leadership Subcommittee 
to Unify Stakeholders, Strengthen Project Governance and Growth](https://docs.google.com/document/d/18B0i4dK625i6OI4B1PJnX0SjVrE_DJPenUG1KH6BXpw/edit) Will be
shared with TSC and CommComm members privately before published publicly. 
- Review actions items 
    - Follow up for Board report (Tracy, Sarah, Ashley) 
    - Message silver/gold members with questions about how they are feeling about 
    representation(Mark). Do we ask individual members the same? 
        - Brian will reach out to Silver members. Mark and Brian will sync up for reach out. 
    - Provide monthly State of the Union for Medium publication this may not be due until 
    the next meeting): one week after the Board meeting.  
        - Published 4/4 - https://medium.com/@nodejs/node-js-foundation-executive-directors-updates-april-2018-d3dda5a1c73 
    - Chairs and co-chairs question: The Board Subcommittee needs a Board rep as co-chair.
    Sarah has been reporting as this rep.  
- Review timeline for Individual Member election(May) 
    - Would be useful to schedule a work-sync session for drafting this before the April
    Board meeting. April 30. Outcome before next meeting must be to have a draft ready for
    review on proposal for Individual Membership program. Must be ready for Board Directors,
    TSC, and CommComm review with plenty of notice prior to the next Node.js Foundation Board
    meeting 4/30. 
        - Working session to get to draft 4/9? Tracy will send doodle. 
        - Draft by 4/16 to be shared after to TSC/CommComm/BoD: representatives provide points
        back for needs addressed and can provide longer reasoning below. 
        - Finalized draft must be to BoD 4/24 for socializing 
        - Contingency plan/recommendation needs to be in place 

    - Produce full document on Individual Membership proposal and short version for Board meeting. 

- Discuss: There should still be seat(s) on the Board that are non-sponsored seats (30 minutes).  
    - Buckets that the proposal should cover: 
        - Context section: “Currently…” The data we do have, if directors wish for the individual 
        membership to be representative of the larger Node.js engaged ecosystem, we know that the
        number and makeup of the prior votes was not statistically significant nor representative.
        Didn’t have a clear path, role, definition. Wrap-up from these meetings. Project and collaborators
        feeling a lack of agency and not empowered. Collaborator expectations vs. expectations. 
        - Recommendation on individual directors (this is very timeboxed, so essential) 
        - Community representation 
            - (if yes, what are the goals for these representatives) 

        - Selection mechanism and by what group are they selected (why? What problem is this 
        solving in prior representation) 
        - Similarity or dissimilarity to what currently exists for TSC vs. CommComm: an explanation
        as to why this makes sense 
        - Very little information available: what data can be provided in time for this proposal? 
        - Propose a solution for making sure we have data moving forward. It could be someone’s job
        to help recruit members and make it more representative. We could potentially not have a vote
        as the means to selection. With this ecosystem, this would likely make large sets of communities
        upset about not having a representative voice. 

    - If the Board doesn’t make a decision or declines proposal, what happens? A contingency was 
    recommended but not discussed. 
    - It would be helpful to provide a mission to pair alongside trying to fix this big challenge.
    What are our goals? Pair this with initiatives that we as a Foundation want to do, and this helps
    get us there. Build trust. How do we empower without folks needing to be on the Board and in committees?
    The Board’s goal is to provide agency to the committees, the project, the collaborators, and the 
    initiatives to be successful. 

End meeting with request for redactments.
None.

**Who should be invited next meeting?**
Email if you have suggestions. Please encourage Board members. 

ACTION ITEMS

- Surface discussions about Individual Membership in TSC, CommComm, and Board directors ASAP.  All representatives are to chat with their groups (directors, TSC, CommComm) to get narrowed down discussions to bring back to this subcommittee. 
- Myles and Tracy will edit prior draft for submission 
- Email prior proposal to Subcommittee group for review before TSC and CommComm sees it for discussions. 
- Email Andy these notes for draft. 
- Myles will get feedback on subcommittee name 
- Tracy to send Doodle for next week drafting session
